Since you are determined to die
Then I'll send you on your way.
Where did this bastard come from?
How can you have such powerful strength?
I'm not at my peak yet.
It's not good to fight hard
There are a thousand ways to kill this garbage
I have other keys to deal with
I'll spare your life today
See you later
I will kill you
Don't go to the police officer aunt
You can't go
You haven't avenged me yet
Ye Weifan
You block me
I will definitely find the police dragon god and call you a thousand cuts
Dragon God, wait for me
Ye Feifan, I think you should prepare the coffin
Will anyone hurt Mr. Qin?
He's a piece of crap.
Why do you always protect him?
Go away I don't want to see any of you worth anything
You all come with me
How are you, sir?
It's alright, Mr. Ye
Oh, thank you kindly.
Why don't you pretend to be noble?
If it weren't for you
Adults won't get hurt either
You should apologize to the adults.
Xiaoxiang
Say less
Shen Jia has divorced you.
They humiliate you.
Or I'll help you teach them a lesson